What if I had a way?
I can make the snow ferment
I can make Song Yiqun fall to the bottom
Yaoyao, I can help you.
What is the price?
Don't you always talk about the price of doing business with Mr. Lu?
There is no such thing as a free lunch
I can help you.
What exchange do you want?
Treasure Project
Still beautiful
I didn't mean that. What do you mean?
The past is vivid
Don't bother Mr. Lu with these
I have something to say goodbye to
Mr. Lu, you are my ancestor
Mr. Xu of Orange Entertainment on your phone is looking for you.
Go away, who is so capable and dares to provoke Young Master Lu?
Don't say bro I didn't tell you
The corner of the Golden Tower is very beautiful tonight
Come on, make a wish and let me say it again
Hey
Who is this?
He doesn't understand that we play cheers
Ooh.
Ha ha.
come
What? Miss Tang went to the Jinlou?
Mr. Xu is a famous romantic king treasury
Isn't this a sheep into a tiger's mouth?
Mr. Lu actually went to beg Xu Yanshan
Hey, Mr. Deer